There are two more that
I wanna talk about.
These start to bridge the gap where we
can get a little bit more sophisticated.
And one of the reason why I call them out
is because just simply with their names
and get a little bit confusing take while
and skip while, took some functions,
right, then manipulate the values.
But if you look in that example
right there in this case
it's not necessarily,
there's not a function there,
skipUntil and takeUntil rely
on other observables, right?
Which means when they show up,
right this observable
will then subscribe to those
observables and basically it will skip.
In this case we have a timer
that goes off after two seconds,
we have a timer that goes off
after seven seconds, right?
This case the interval is
gonna be pumping out values.
However, it's gonna skip them all
in total that timer goes off till
values emitted from first timer then
it will start letting values through.
In total there's an omission
from takeUntil, right, and
then it will stop listening to any values
effectively complete at that point.
Now, if only somebody had a not
great counter somewhere that
was manually subscribing and
unsubscribing to values.
This turns out that we do, right?
So, if you think about our counter
right now, we have the ability,
we have the start buttons that
are emitting events, right,
of any shape and form, right?
We have this interval that we want to
start and stop based on those buttons.
What my challenge for
you is, can you rewire our
counter so
that it is skipping values in toll.
Someone hits the Start button and
it will take them until someone
hits the Pause button, all right?
Don't worry about too much about
the values you see on the screen.
The idea is we don't want it
incrementing or at all,right,
whatever value increments to we don't
care at this point we'll fix that later.
But what we wanna do is remove
that global variable and
basically say we have the streams
of clicks on those two buttons.
And we will start counting and updating
the DOM when the Start button hits and
we will stop when the Pause button hits,
right?
So we're gonna use takeUntil and
skipUntil, we could use scan as well.
That's a little bonus just worry about
getting the DOM to like start and stop.
And we'll figure out how we could
also use scan as well along the way.